README.md, before:

# Dir-ASCII #

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tdeh/dir-ascii.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tdeh/dir-ascii)

## Overview ##

Creates an ASCII-based graphcial representation of directory hierarchies.

### Output for project hierarchy ###

```
.
|-- _config.yml
|-- apply_license.sh
|-- CONTRIBUTING.md
|-- LICENSE
|-- license_boilerplate
|-- README.md
|-- requirements.txt
`-- dir_ascii
    |-- __init__.py
    |-- __main__.py
    |-- directory_explorer.py
    |-- directory_tree.py
    |-- tree_printer.py
    `-- tests
        |-- __init__.py
        |-- __main__.py
        |-- test_directory_explorer.py
        |-- test_directory_tree.py
        `-- test_tree_printer.py
```

## Install ##

Clone repository and run this command from the root project directory::

    pip install .

## Usage ##

Setuptools should create a standalone script for running **Dir-ASCII** and add it to your *PATH*. To run this script::

    $ dir_ascii

To get argument details & descriptions::

    $ dir_ascii -h

This should output something like::

```
usage: dir-ascii [-h] [-s] [-d [DEPTH_LIMIT]] [-o [OUTPUT_FILE]]
                 [-w [INDENTATION_WIDTH]]
                 [start]

Creates text-based graphical of directory hierarchies.

positional arguments:
  start                 Path to start the search

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -s, --show_hidden     Show hidden files/directories e.g. .file, ..dir
  -d [DEPTH_LIMIT], --depth_limit [DEPTH_LIMIT]
                        Maximum directory depth to be explored
  -o [OUTPUT_FILE], --output_file [OUTPUT_FILE]
                        Write output to file name specified
  -w [INDENTATION_WIDTH], --indentation_width [INDENTATION_WIDTH]
                        The indentation width in number of spaces per
                        directory level. Min width is 2, default is 4.

```

## Running Unit Tests ##

    python setup.py test
    
## Linting ##

Install *pylint*::

    pip install pylint
    
Run on code directory::

    pylint dir_ascii

## Contributing ##

See [guidelines for contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Changed all mentions of the project name to py-tree

README.md, after:

# Py-Tree #

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tdeh/py-tree.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tdeh/py-tree)

## Overview ##

Creates a text-based graphcial representation of file hierarchies.

### Output for project hierarchy ###

```
.
|-- _config.yml
|-- apply_license.sh
|-- CONTRIBUTING.md
|-- LICENSE
|-- license_boilerplate
|-- README.md
|-- requirements.txt
`-- py_tree
    |-- __init__.py
    |-- __main__.py
    |-- directory_explorer.py
    |-- directory_tree.py
    |-- tree_printer.py
    `-- tests
        |-- __init__.py
        |-- __main__.py
        |-- test_directory_explorer.py
        |-- test_directory_tree.py
        `-- test_tree_printer.py
```

## Install ##

Clone repository and run this command from the root project directory::

    pip install .

## Usage ##

Setuptools should create a standalone script for running **Py-Tree** and add it to your *PATH*. To run this script::

    $ py_tree

To get argument details & descriptions::

    $ py_tree -h

This should output something like::

```
usage: py-tree [-h] [-s] [-d [DEPTH_LIMIT]] [-o [OUTPUT_FILE]]
               [-w [INDENTATION_WIDTH]]
               [start]

Creates text-based graphical representations of directory hierarchies.

positional arguments:
  start                 Path to start the search

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -s, --show_hidden     Show hidden files/directories e.g. .file, ..dir
  -d [DEPTH_LIMIT], --depth_limit [DEPTH_LIMIT]
                        Maximum directory depth to be explored
  -o [OUTPUT_FILE], --output_file [OUTPUT_FILE]
                        Write output to file name specified
  -w [INDENTATION_WIDTH], --indentation_width [INDENTATION_WIDTH]
                        The indentation width in number of spaces per
                        directory level. Min width is 2, default is 4.

```

## Running Unit Tests ##

    python setup.py test

## Linting ##

Install *pylint*::

    pip install pylint

Run on code directory::

    pylint py_tree

## Contributing ##

See [guidelines for contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md).
